README.md, before:

# SwitchCraft 3 Issue Tracker

# THIS TRACKER IS NOT FOR REPORTING EXPLOITS.

Any bug found that has any potential to be exploited by other players, e.g. duplication bugs, spam bugs, claim bypass 
bugs, should be **silently** and **responsibly** disclosed **to a member of staff** and NOT shown/told to ANY other 
players while they are unpatched. Irresponsible disclosure of exploits may lead to an immediate mute or ban.

For more information on the rules regarding exploits, see [Rule 3](https://docs.sc3.io/rules.html#r3).

<hr />

This is the general issue tracker for SwitchCraft 3. This tracker is for reporting issues pertaining to:

- The server itself (e.g. slash commands, chunkloaders)
- The lobby
- ClaimKit (the claiming plugin)
- KristPay (the economy plugin)
- The Discord bridge
- The Chatbox API

This tracker is **NOT** for:

- Moderation issues (e.g. mutes, bans, timeouts)
- Connection issues (e.g. lag, disconnects)
- Issues with other players (e.g. griefing, harassment)
- Issues regarding claims or spawn land
- Issues with open source mods, external services, or other repositories (see 
  [Reporting issues with other mods](#reporting-issues-with-other-mods))

For these issues, please contact a member of staff in-game or on [Discord](https://discord.sc3.io). If you are not sure
whether your issue is appropriate for this tracker, please ask in in-game chat or Discord. You will usually be directed
to this tracker.

## Reporting issues

- Click [here](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/issues/issues/new) to create a new issue.
- Follow the issue template.

## Reporting issues with other mods

For the following mods and services, please go to their own issue trackers to make a bug report:

- [CC: Tweaked](https://github.com/cc-tweaked/cc-tweaked) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/cc-tweaked/cc-tweaked/issues))
- [Plethora](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/Plethora-Fabric) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/Plethora-Fabric/issues))
- [sc-goodies](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-goodies) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-goodies/issues))
- [sc-peripherals](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-peripherals) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-peripherals/issues))
- [sc-library](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-library) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-library/issues))
- [sc-text](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-text) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-text/issues))
- [sc3-rom](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc3-rom) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc3-rom/issues))
- [Krist](https://github.com/tmpim/Krist) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/tmpim/Krist/issues))
- [KristWeb](https://github.com/tmpim/KristWeb2) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/tmpim/KristWeb2/issues))

## More information

- [SwitchCraft 3 website](https://sc3.io)
- [SwitchCraft Documentation](https://docs.sc3.io)
- [SwitchCraft Discord](https://discord.sc3.io)
- [Minecraft Computer Mods Discord](https://discord.computercraft.cc)

Commit message:

chore: move sc-docs to own repo

README.md, after:

# SwitchCraft 3 Issue Tracker

# THIS TRACKER IS NOT FOR REPORTING EXPLOITS.

Any bug found that has any potential to be exploited by other players, e.g. duplication bugs, spam bugs, claim bypass 
bugs, should be **silently** and **responsibly** disclosed **to a member of staff** and NOT shown/told to ANY other 
players while they are unpatched. Irresponsible disclosure of exploits may lead to an immediate mute or ban.

For more information on the rules regarding exploits, see [Rule 3](https://docs.sc3.io/rules.html#r3).

<hr />

This is the general issue tracker for SwitchCraft 3. This tracker is for reporting issues pertaining to:

- The server itself (e.g. slash commands, chunkloaders)
- The lobby
- ClaimKit (the claiming plugin)
- KristPay (the economy plugin)
- The Discord bridge
- The Chatbox API

This tracker is **NOT** for:

- Moderation issues (e.g. mutes, bans, timeouts)
- Connection issues (e.g. lag, disconnects)
- Issues with other players (e.g. griefing, harassment)
- Issues regarding claims or spawn land
- Issues with open source mods, external services, or other repositories (see 
  [Reporting issues with other mods](#reporting-issues-with-other-mods))

For these issues, please contact a member of staff in-game or on [Discord](https://discord.sc3.io). If you are not sure
whether your issue is appropriate for this tracker, please ask in in-game chat or Discord. You will usually be directed
to this tracker.

## Reporting issues

- Click [here](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/issues/issues/new) to create a new issue.
- Follow the issue template.

## Reporting issues with other mods

For the following mods and services, please go to their own issue trackers to make a bug report or pull request:

- [CC: Tweaked](https://github.com/cc-tweaked/cc-tweaked) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/cc-tweaked/cc-tweaked/issues))
- [Plethora](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/Plethora-Fabric) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/Plethora-Fabric/issues))
- [sc-goodies](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-goodies) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-goodies/issues))
- [sc-peripherals](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-peripherals) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-peripherals/issues))
- [sc-library](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-library) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-library/issues))
- [sc-text](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-text) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-text/issues))
- [sc-docs](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-docs) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-docs/issues))
- [sc3-rom](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc3-rom) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc3-rom/issues))
- [Krist](https://github.com/tmpim/Krist) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/tmpim/Krist/issues))
- [KristWeb](https://github.com/tmpim/KristWeb2) ([Issue tracker](https://github.com/tmpim/KristWeb2/issues))

## More information

- [SwitchCraft 3 website](https://sc3.io)
- [SwitchCraft Documentation](https://docs.sc3.io) ([Repository](https://github.com/SwitchCraftCC/sc-docs))
- [SwitchCraft Discord](https://discord.sc3.io)
- [Minecraft Computer Mods Discord](https://discord.computercraft.cc)
